Umiko reached the nanofabricator. "Don't disappoint, masters of technology!" she muttered to nobody in particular, as the hack was nearing completion.

Sure enough, the wares did not disappoint. An affordable permanent cloaking device, with an easy and intuitive minute-long installation and a stable, if power-demanding, projection output. Certainly one of the finer pieces of Sankaku tech Umi has seen thus far. She wondered why this particular branch office would even need to have a production parameter for these.

The grafting procedures were almost done now, when suddenly the corporate comm chatter went way up. Umiko put the headpiece back in her ear.

"Stop right there! We have you surrounded!"

Huh. Can't be. She checked, her portable drone uplink double-checked, and Incognita triple-checked, that nobody is in a position to spot her. That means Olivia's in trouble.

"Transfer of resources, designation three-alpha-zero-seven-alpha."

Olivia sounded confident. They both knew this wouldn't cut it, though. Corps introduced faint lie detectors on their HUDs years ago, and while they're unreliable, a blatant lie like that would raise flags. Umiko knew that. Olivia knew that. Olivia knew that Umiko knew that. It was a signal: things are bad. That was all Umiko needed to know. She took the earpiece back out and grabbed a spare med-gel syringe.

Time to try the new toys. Umiko willed the projectors on and felt them slightly heat up. Would it kill the corporations to install proper cooling, for once? These are for sale for god's sake... at least the noise dampeners worked properly.

As she snuck into the room, unbeknownst to the half-dozen guards who have gathered to investigate the area for extra clues (which seemed particularly stupid, as nobody stayed to check the body), she saw her - Olivia Gladstone, actually in need of help for once. Unconscious, but still ever the meticulous planner: the wound was placed exactly such that bleedout would happen fairly slowly. She moved to cover the body with the projection, and nobody even turned around.

This task would be trivial.